docs/outline.md, before:

### Title 
Highlighting connections: assessing risks for a migratory bird to inform COSEWIC status reports



### Introduction 
Guiding the conservation of migratory birds is integral to Canada’s commitments under both the Migratory Bird Convention Act and Species at Risk Act, and status reports from the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC) are key tools to designate protection and recovery activities.

Yet a recent report by the Office of the Auditor General of Canada signals that ECCC is falling short of providing COSEWIC the support it needs for timely status assessments.


### Method 
- To improve ECCC’s ability to identify and evaluate conservation actions for migratory birds, together with our partners at CWS, we studied the Horned Grebe (Western population), a wetland dependent migratory bird, which is listed as Special Concern under the Species at Risk Act.

- We used external tracking devices and collected multiple tissue samples (blood, eggs, feathers) from birds trapped in Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories to fill critical knowledge gaps identified in the COSEWIC Management Plan for this species.


### Results
- All Horned Grebes migrated southeast in the fall and spent their non-breeding seasons on marine and freshwater non-breeding locations from southeastern Canada to the Atlantic Coast and Gulf of Mexico.

- Many individuals spent time at or near the Great Lakes, suggesting this is an important stopover location for Canadian Horned Grebe populations.

- Levels of persistent organic pollutants in eggs were generally low compared to known effects levels and showed declines from historical levels.

- Neonicotinoid pesticides were detected in 63% of samples – concentrations and frequency of detection were higher in Horned Grebes trapped in the Northwest Territories.



### Conclusion
Our data shows that conditions on breeding areas (rather than further south) are more likely to affect Horned Grebe productivity and that protection of critical breeding habitats (such as ensuring buffers around wetlands to absorb pollutants) will have the greatest conservation impact for this species.

Commit message:

Update introduction and method sections in outline.md
Revised introduction to emphasize the need for stronger support for COSEWIC status assessments and added context about the study on the Horned Grebe's movements and contaminant exposure.

docs/outline.md, after:

### Title 
Highlighting connections: assessing risks for a migratory bird to inform COSEWIC status reports



### Introduction 
Guiding the conservation of migratory birds is central to Canada’s commitments under the Migratory Bird Convention Act and Species at Risk Act, yet recent findings from the Office of the Auditor General highlight that ECCC needs to provide stronger support for timely COSEWIC status assessments. To support timely and effective conservation of migratory birds, we investigated the Horned Grebe’s (Western population) annual movements, migratory connectivity, and contaminant exposure in eggs and plasma.

### Method 
- We used external tracking devices and collected multiple tissue samples (blood, eggs, feathers) from birds trapped in Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories to fill critical knowledge gaps identified in the COSEWIC Management Plan for this species.


### Results
- All Horned Grebes migrated southeast in the fall and spent their non-breeding seasons on marine and freshwater non-breeding locations from southeastern Canada to the Atlantic Coast and Gulf of Mexico.

- Many individuals spent time at or near the Great Lakes, suggesting this is an important stopover location for Canadian Horned Grebe populations.

- Levels of persistent organic pollutants in eggs were generally low compared to known effects levels and showed declines from historical levels.

- Neonicotinoid pesticides were detected in 63% of samples – concentrations and frequency of detection were higher in Horned Grebes trapped in the Northwest Territories.



### Conclusion
Our data shows that conditions on breeding areas (rather than further south) are more likely to affect Horned Grebe productivity and that protection of critical breeding habitats (such as ensuring buffers around wetlands to absorb pollutants) will have the greatest conservation impact for this species.
